File:    README
Author:  Agamah Ojochete
Program: Assignment 7
Date:    30/3/16

BUILDING THE PROGRAM
   This program was written in C++ and distributed to be built on a 
   Linux system.  To build the program, type 'make' to create the 
   executable called 'prog'

RUNNING THE PROGRAM
   Type 'prog' at the command prompt after building the program.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
   This program will read ints from a text file called data that consists of person
   test data for a single test.  The program will calculate the summary
   for the test and output it to the file 'results'


PROGRAM INPUT
   All input comes from the text file.  The program will read the ints in the file. Input can be entered all on one line, 
   or separate lines, or a combination of the two.Data must exist prior to the
   execution of the program.  The program will read the input file
   until end of file is reached.  The format of the input file follows:

   
   human 1 name
   human 1 age
   human 2 name
   human 2 test score
   ...
   human n name
   human n test score

   For example:
     Michael 55

     Olivia 69
     
   
PROGRAM OUTPUT
   All output is written to 'results' containing the test summary. The
   summary includes information for each student including the input
   and percentages and letters.  The data for the people will be 
   reported in descending order according to their age.
   In addition, summary data for all person is produced including 
   high, low, average, and median scores.

   For example:

   Name            Age    
   ----------      -----  
   Frank            36   
   Jim              18   
   Danny	     20

   average age: 127.00
   median age: 18

PROGRAM DESIGN
   This program stores all person data in an array of structs.  Each
   struct stores the person's name and age.

   The overall test summary is stored in a struct consisting of fields
   for the  average, and median age.

   The general algorithm
      read the data and store in person
      sort the person in assending order according to their age
      calculate the pecentages and grades for each student
      calculate the summary data
      output the results


FILE INDEX
   file             function(s)        description
   --------------   -----------------  ----------------------
   constants.h                         constant declarations
   
   main.cpp         main               calls all other functions

   output.cpp       output             outputs results to the screen
   
   read.cpp         read               read from the keyboard into the array

   average.cpp      average            calculates the average of the numbers in the array
   
   median.cpp       median             finds the median number in the array
   
   display.cpp      display            finds the number in the array that occurs the most
   
   input			       has the ints for the program

   makefile                            builds executable

   README                              this file


PROGRAM TESTING
   This program was tested with different sets of data with the input file.  

   Checked for a normal set of data partially filling the array
   
   Checked for the number of values exceeding the array size
   
   Checked for input of 1 value

   There are no known bugs.  Any errors should be reported to:
   agamahoj@mnstate.edu